New Submitit SLURM Launcher plugin (#619)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/docs/plugins/submitit_launcher.md

---
id: submitit_launcher
title: Submitit Launcher plugin
sidebar_label: Submitit Launcher plugin
---

> The Submitit Launcher plugin provides a launcher for tasks based on [`Submitit`](https://github.com/facebookincubator/submitit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Submitit Launcher plugin provides a [SLURM ](https://slurm.schedmd.com/documentation.html)Launcher based on [`Submitit`](https://github.com/facebookincubator/submitit).
```

> The Submitit Launcher plugin provides a launcher for tasks based on [`Submitit`](https://github.com/facebookincubator/submitit).

Reviewer: Please align with other plugins readme header.
